Adding upgrade notice for 3.0 (#2878)
strangerstudios/paid-memberships-pro: readme.txt

* ENHANCEMENT: Added links to the PMPro YouTube and Facebook profiles.
* REFACTOR: Cleaned up some code in incldues/content.php, especially around the pmpro_search_filter() function.
* REFACTOR: Removed the package-lock.json file from the repository.

== Upgrade Notice ==
= 3.0 =

> The PMPro v3.0 release will make irreversible changes to the structure of your membership site data. Please back up your database before upgrading. For more information, please visit https://www.paidmembershipspro.com/xyz.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PMPro v3.0 release will make irreversible changes to the structure of your membership site data. Please back up your database before upgrading. For more information, please visit https://www.paidmembershipspro.com/pmpro-update-3-0/.
```
